c:\Users\LDT\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TownsendBetterPortfolio\TownsendBetterPortfolio\bin\TownsendBetterPortfolio.dll.config
c:\Users\LDT\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TownsendBetterPortfolio\TownsendBetterPortfolio\bin\TownsendBetterPortfolio.dll
c:\Users\LDT\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TownsendBetterPortfolio\TownsendBetterPortfolio\bin\TownsendBetterPortfolio.pdb
c:\Users\LDT\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TownsendBetterPortfolio\TownsendBetterPortfolio\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\Users\LDT\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TownsendBetterPortfolio\TownsendBetterPortfolio\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\Users\LDT\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TownsendBetterPortfolio\TownsendBetterPortfolio\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\Users\LDT\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TownsendBetterPortfolio\TownsendBetterPortfolio\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\LDT\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TownsendBetterPortfolio\TownsendBetterPortfolio\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\Users\LDT\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TownsendBetterPortfolio\TownsendBetterPortfolio\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\Users\LDT\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TownsendBetterPortfolio\TownsendBetterPortfolio\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\Users\LDT\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TownsendBetterPortfolio\TownsendBetterPortfolio\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\Users\LDT\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TownsendBetterPortfolio\TownsendBetterPortfolio\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\Users\LDT\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TownsendBetterPortfolio\TownsendBetterPortfolio\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\Users\LDT\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TownsendBetterPortfolio\TownsendBetterPortfolio\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\Users\LDT\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TownsendBetterPortfolio\TownsendBetterPortfolio\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\Users\LDT\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TownsendBetterPortfolio\TownsendBetterPortfolio\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\Users\LDT\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TownsendBetterPortfolio\TownsendBetterPortfolio\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\Users\LDT\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TownsendBetterPortfolio\TownsendBetterPortfolio\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\Users\LDT\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TownsendBetterPortfolio\TownsendBetterPortfolio\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\Users\LDT\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TownsendBetterPortfolio\TownsendBetterPortfolio\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\Users\LDT\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TownsendBetterPortfolio\TownsendBetterPortfolio\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\Users\LDT\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TownsendBetterPortfolio\TownsendBetterPortfolio\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\Users\LDT\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TownsendBetterPortfolio\TownsendBetterPortfolio\obj\Debug\TownsendBetterPortfolio.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\LDT\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TownsendBetterPortfolio\TownsendBetterPortfolio\obj\Debug\TownsendBetterPortfolio.dll
c:\Users\LDT\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TownsendBetterPortfolio\TownsendBetterPortfolio\obj\Debug\TownsendBetterPortfolio.pdb
C:\Users\WeCanCodeIT\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BetterPortfolio-master\TownsendBetterPortfolio\bin\TownsendBetterPortfolio.dll.config
C:\Users\WeCanCodeIT\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BetterPortfolio-master\TownsendBetterPortfolio\bin\TownsendBetterPortfolio.dll
C:\Users\WeCanCodeIT\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BetterPortfolio-master\TownsendBetterPortfolio\bin\TownsendBetterPortfolio.pdb
C:\Users\WeCanCodeIT\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BetterPortfolio-master\TownsendBetterPortfolio\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\WeCanCodeIT\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BetterPortfolio-master\TownsendBetterPortfolio\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\WeCanCodeIT\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BetterPortfolio-master\TownsendBetterPortfolio\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\WeCanCodeIT\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BetterPortfolio-master\TownsendBetterPortfolio\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\WeCanCodeIT\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BetterPortfolio-master\TownsendBetterPortfolio\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\WeCanCodeIT\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BetterPortfolio-master\TownsendBetterPortfolio\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\WeCanCodeIT\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BetterPortfolio-master\TownsendBetterPortfolio\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\WeCanCodeIT\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BetterPortfolio-master\TownsendBetterPortfolio\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\WeCanCodeIT\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BetterPortfolio-master\TownsendBetterPortfolio\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\WeCanCodeIT\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BetterPortfolio-master\TownsendBetterPortfolio\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\WeCanCodeIT\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BetterPortfolio-master\TownsendBetterPortfolio\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\WeCanCodeIT\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BetterPortfolio-master\TownsendBetterPortfolio\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\WeCanCodeIT\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BetterPortfolio-master\TownsendBetterPortfolio\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\WeCanCodeIT\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BetterPortfolio-master\TownsendBetterPortfolio\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\WeCanCodeIT\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BetterPortfolio-master\TownsendBetterPortfolio\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\WeCanCodeIT\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BetterPortfolio-master\TownsendBetterPortfolio\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\WeCanCodeIT\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BetterPortfolio-master\TownsendBetterPortfolio\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\WeCanCodeIT\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BetterPortfolio-master\TownsendBetterPortfolio\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\WeCanCodeIT\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BetterPortfolio-master\TownsendBetterPortfolio\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\WeCanCodeIT\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BetterPortfolio-master\TownsendBetterPortfolio\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\WeCanCodeIT\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BetterPortfolio-master\TownsendBetterPortfolio\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\WeCanCodeIT\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BetterPortfolio-master\TownsendBetterPortfolio\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\WeCanCodeIT\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BetterPortfolio-master\TownsendBetterPortfolio\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\WeCanCodeIT\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BetterPortfolio-master\TownsendBetterPortfolio\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\WeCanCodeIT\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BetterPortfolio-master\TownsendBetterPortfolio\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\WeCanCodeIT\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BetterPortfolio-master\TownsendBetterPortfolio\obj\Debug\TownsendBetterPortfolio.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\WeCanCodeIT\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BetterPortfolio-master\TownsendBetterPortfolio\obj\Debug\TownsendBetterPortfolio.dll
C:\Users\WeCanCodeIT\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BetterPortfolio-master\TownsendBetterPortfolio\obj\Debug\TownsendBetterPortfolio.pdb
